1..
The city streets of Tokyo are more dangerous than they’ve ever been before. Humans and demons exist side-by-side, with a sworn trust that they will not harm each other. But some humans have disregarded these sacred pledges and have teamed with demons to form groups and organizations, bent on death, destruction, and unholy human tragedy.

To help quell this tide of evil, there exists a group of female ninjas who hunt down and slay those demons who mean to harm others. Asagi Igawa is one of these ninjas, or at least, she was. Her demon hunting days have been put aside in favor of being with her boyfriend, Sawaki. Unfortunately for the couple, Asagi’s past is not as far behind her as she would like to think. Her previously defeated nemesis, Oboro, has somehow come back from the grave to get revenge.

Revenge in the twisted world of Taimanin Asagi is not something so simple as death however. By the time Oboro is done, Asagi and her shinobi sister Sakura will be sexually and physically transformed and tortured to the utter depths of depravity. Asagi is about to find out that none of her training as a ninja could ever prepare her for the power that pleasure holds when used as a weapon.


2..
One year has passed since the Chaos Arena was destroyed, Asagi and Sakura were presently on an abandoned street on a man-made island that floated on top of Tokyo Bay. It was an enormous box-shaped island built by the government and referred to as “Tokyo Kingdom.”

There was hope that it would become a second city center floating at sea, but it had failed to attract businesses.

The only way of getting to and from the island was through Honshu Island over the 10 kilometer Tokyo Kingdom bridge. Unfortunately, this narrow route was the means in which the inhabitants of hell found their way onto the island, luring anarchists, criminals, and even illegal immigrants there, transforming the streets of the sea bound city into a world-renowned haven for danger.

However abandoned the streets were, order did exist in such a place despite it being a breeding place of crime.

There was a business district at the heart as well as one of Asia’s greatest prostitute grottoes. Whether or not it was only the strong who survived, the viability of living there required one not to be careless in making friends with the strong. “tentacle hentai rape – monster – BDSM – AHEGAO”

3..
The near future, Japan, where the presence of is envying.
The implicit rule of “do not interfere with each other”, which has been protected since ancient times among human beings, is
People began to show pleasure after they went outside, and the criminal organizations and companies that had committed themselves became dark, and the times fell into chaos.

However, people who walk the right path are not powerless.
The government of time organizes a group of “Shinobu things” that can be opposed to “magic” with human beings,
It countered the evil of the human devil.
People call them “Anti-Shinobu” —

Abandoned island “Tokyo Kingdom” floating in Tokyo Bay.
Asagi, who infiltrates the things that give to the devil who fled there,
There was a serious injury that caused me to lose my limbs during the battle.
From the nephew with Asuka, the fire lid to the fierce battle of Asagis vs. Mashinin was about to be cut off …!

Asagi, Sakura, Purple, and Asuka. The last fierce battle blows off!

Series “Anti-Shinobu” series of 300,000 big hit works.
The original game “Tomanashi Asagi 3”, produced by the brave members involved in Lilith’s work, is animated!
The beautiful image of the two Ohara painters representing Lilith’s work, Mr. Kagami and Mr. Tatsumi, is reproduced in the animation by designer Yuzuru Yuzu supporting ZIZ!

Asagi who is tossed by the Ninjutsu “Fire of Fire” triggered from the love of Kosuke’s younger brother Kosuke!
Sakura and Murasaki fight in preparation for death to protect the five-car school without Asagi!
The noble and beautiful anti-Shinobu are envyed to the mischievous Ahe-Hell of the evil rape!
Asagi who is taken hostage by Kosuke who exchanged hearts and is sealed off action!
Is there hope for resurgence in the trap of despair!

